on the program and three weeks main
news of the world of high technology for five
minutes students hooks hello
platform company t
will release game-based servers
generation processors
hit photos of touch panels
which
will put
Japanese developers
released three new trainers of England
street fighter 4
Russian integrator and
supercomputer creator
platform company t is about to release
processor based server like
game console sony playstation 3
despite being frivolous
pedigree this chip is the so-called avian
spectrum texture company ah bi um
able to solve quite adults
tasks details in Stanislav's report
bezrukova
a new processor which used to be simple
played without him not changing
modern sony playstation
now will perform
supercomputer tasks in the sphere
applications widest
nanotechnology industry
medicine and even molecular
biology
obvious for the development of the country like
developments are extremely relevant in this
sure company director t platform
Vsevolod Opanasenko
we believe that he will complement the future and
owning possession of technology this
strategically important task
He is not only for Russian companies
but for the Russian community of priests and
your preferences
because thanks to the use of this little
CPU failure
mossad of applied problems but can go out
on but in performance level
This company will create in Russia
high-tech servers based
cell processor
More than five hundred have already been invested in the project.
290 million rubles raised that
talks about the interest of outside investors
complete the program no earlier than the next
Years of Harbin decisions will be relatively
inexpensive promise creators in the village
server
the first to access this computer will get
young developers each are not older
twenty eight years old
this is one of the conditions of the contest finalists
which will be able to try out a new
architecture state represented by
Small Business Promotion Fund
plans to sponsor talents
200 thousand rubles for the idea
for business development this money is nothing
however for a young developer
good incentive
sure president of the fund and the fund
if he gets everything radio about
transition
the next program above is called
star
and in this program
the team has already received four and a half
million
goes further we have a program
development how
existing companies there they are
but 5
8 million rubles
4 have already shown interest in the project
university as much nor barely private
of the company
their names have not been disclosed yet
however, it is already clear
real demand for IT equipment will be
higher at times
stanislav bezrukov ivan wolves
if wine
quite recently coca cola
surprised many firing cell
phone followed by thousands of dollars
and here is literally the other day the press and
the experts were presented a whole
line of budget mobile
communication among which was even
smartphone his son and will also be a record
several devices of this class only 125
us dollars in general products for more
they have already called them active and all funds
devices of this brand are designed for
one simple principle at least
excesses maximum sanction
CEO michael peter even thinking about
to offer yourself bad for free
include ten dollar
mobile phones set of delivery typhoon in
as reserve fund
by the way abay forms in chit hard
rumors about soon possible
the emergence of two new Kotovsky models
mobile phone one of the most popular
English-language resources and I tell you what
what else amusing photos are made public
they show two suns on display with
78 centimeters diagonals
manufacturer Taiwanese company
host opticians claims that their
customers we made an apple
official representatives of the GPU
No comments yet on these.
snaps that further stirs interest
however, experts tend to believe that
most likely will receive and is intended for
a new generation of players ipod nano
still makes Iran on this model we
do not stop
famous developer
e-books Japanese company
Kapkova published three new video
from the fourth part of the order
finger gas street fighter which as it became
known recently will not only
consoles new kisil true vodka
the release date of the game is still nothing
unknown
In general, it remains unclear why
the Japanese are so long and stubbornly refuse
voice release date
and roughly announced six months ago and since
since the very beginning, the success of the shift
clarify the gaming public
a variety of screenshot has
teasers and now it's kind of released
fully
however, this revolution could
consider the fact that the legendary and
the hail will finally be officially
released repression
before that, she generally existed only in
arcade format
since the previous third
version of the street fighter 10 years have passed
developers lovers of the genre
but both are first fourth street fighter
became three dimensional
not in the sense that exchanged warm
classics of the genre all the same on the pope classic
to remain untouchable but
here are the characters done by the bullies
added bright special effects and gave
opportunity to see and
multi-colored locations from different sides
managing heroes fundamentally and
already familiar from previous editions
Kiev podium
book elop added five more fighters
I must say that Gimire is ambiguous
perceived the new incarnation
classic fayter many
considered that with the transition to the subject
characters became angular and
awkward however the number of special effects
just starting to ruffle in the eyes
Well, as long as the game did not work and her
strengths and weaknesses we can
judge so much covered faith he must
recognize that looks good
this is half a week
yan gon hooks stay on fifth
the channel will continue to be even more interesting